---
layout: post
title: "Worst neighbours"
date: 2021-01-31 00:06:32
categories: blog, ahole, parents, relationships, kids
---

This happened in august. I have 4 kids and am a single mom who only gets $239 each month in child support. My neighbor has 2 daughters with a husband whose a lawyer and she's a nurse so her kids are spoiled rotten. When I caught wind of her taking his kids school shopping I asked if I could have a lift to the local walmart since I didnt want to waste money with having to take myself and the kids on the bus and she said sure. We were dropped off at walmart and I told my kids they could get 1 special school item so my 2 daughters got sparkly mechanical pencils and my 1 son got a dinosaur notebook and my other son got colorful gel pens. There was frozen pizzas on sale and since we cant afford to order pizza and only have frozen pizzas on occasion I said why not and bought one for dinner and then I got them some new school clothes

When neighbor picked us up a few hours later her backseat and trunk were FILLED with garbage from Justice, Abercrombie, Staples etc plus they had To Go bozes. Our kids were talking about what they got and her kids had gotten all high priced crap from these stores. Her one daughter went "mommy got us steak for dinner at roadhouse" and my youngest said we had gotten a frozen pizza which broke my damn heart. While I spent probably 75-100$ tops my neighbor probably spent hundreds on her kids. On the way home the daughters were begging for McDonalds sundaes so neighbor pulls in the drive thru and asks me if my kids would like any. I said yes, assuming she was paying but then she ordered SEPARATELY and asked for the money. I forked the money over that was supposed to be for getting my hair done next week

When we got home I took neighbor aside and told her that I dont appreciate her rubbing her money in my kids faces. I try to make their lives easy with the little things here and there but then she goes ahead and spoils her kids rotten RIGHT in front of my kids. She told me shes allowed to spend her money the way she sees fit with her children and I told her that her kids are spoiled and dont need all that high priced crap. She hasnt spoken to me since and I have struggled since I used to rely on favors from her and its starting to drive me insane. Am I the asshole for calling out her materialistic ways?